All right welcome back my students so now that we have the form it's time for us to go to the controller
and start playing around in there.
So let's go to the controller HTP controllers postes controller.
There we go.
So now we said that this method.
All right and we have a year and Terman on the BHB route list.
We said that that form is going to be executed here so he's going to the method store.
So let's look for that method in the controller.
Let's go.
And as you can see he's right here.
So this is what we're going to receive the request.
The pole super global values.
Now they create.
All right.
Remember that when we go to.
They create.
OK.
This is they you or I.
They this is the name of the role goes to these create method.
All right.
So now when the user goes to our application let's open a browser real quick.
They go to see a mass that the posts create.
That's where that is going to execute.
And this is where we saw that the meant that create stuff right.
That's where this method create is returning data from.
Right.
But now we don't want to do that.
Now what we want to do is return of you right.
We already have the view.
So we're going to put put it down here that we're going to put down the name of the view.
So Post dot and you can see it right here create You see then create.
So these function view is going to automatically translate that dot notation into a forward slash so
that way it would construct a you or I for you just by giving it the name right.
That's why these function view is doing of course you can pass all the parameters and we're going to
see that later.
But so once we have that set that you can come here and you can refresh it.
Now you can see that we have that form already.
All right is nothing big right now because this is just for their ministration purposes only.
But later on we're going to make a really nice.
OK.
So anyway really cool stuff.
All right.
So let's go.
And what's the next step is going to the store method.
And I want to show you something here.
So I said to you that this math is receiving the pull super values or the supposed super global values
right.
So he's doing this in this requests class.
Remember that this is an injection.
Here we injected this class in making these A object.
So now we got all these methods that we can use from this class here.
It is very.
All right.
So if I say return requests all watch this and I going into this summit we get all the the form data
.
All right.
That's what we do.
We get with that.
OK.
So now if I want to get a specific input I could say get in I can put the name of the input that I want
to get returned the data and my sis answer.
Whoops sorry I got to go back.
The input title watches.
So I don't return everything there and therefore I return just a title and we go enter and as you can
see I just returned that value.
OK.
And that goes for the inputs.
Now you can also do something easier.
You can also do this.
Treat it as a property.
OK.
Whoops.
Let's go back I do the same thing again submit the send thing OK.
I like to use it property like one like this.
Right.
And remember the method all returns everything on the form or the inputs enter where you go.
Doesn't work like that.
I tried a couple of times so even returns the by name values.
All right.
Pretty cool stuff right guys.
Anyway on the next lecture.
Well we're going to do is we're going to finally create a record so you can see how it works.
And we even going to do our redirect.
All right.
So anyway thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture.